# New Legion Standalone And Extended AE
- Author: NordwarUA and Commando414
- Game: skyrimspecialedition
- Mod Page: https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/88495


This mod from NordwarUA's New Legion armor is now completely standalone and craftable. I even created new armor sets made by using extra textures that were included in the texture pack, such as the Green Legion armor and the armor using Penitus Oculotus sets, but not with the Penitus symbol, only with the Empire symbol. If you look at my screenshots, you'll see what I mean. I also included armors that might have similar appearance but with different names. This was an attempt to make existing armors completely standalone from the New Legion mod without replacing the vanilla imperial armor NPCs wear. Including the Rust armor and the Oblivion era Imperial Armor. I got to warn you guys, a couple of those craftable armors might be confusing due to the same appearance, but with different naming, and this is still in WIP, but I'm releasing this just in case I lost data from my laptop. I got permission from NordwarUA, so don't worry about what NordwarUA thinks. He's a pretty chill guy. I included that in the photos if you look at the gallery. I am open to suggestions and constructive criticisms and would appreciate any problems you might have with this mod. But would also like for you to let me know if you know a way to modify this mod so you can send it to me, and I would update it. This is NordwarUA's mod, and I don't think I would give permission to people who would reupload this standalone mod in other sites, unless it's ok with NordwarUA to upload this to SSE site, I would not grant anyone's permission to upload this at the moment. Besides, I have no experience converting mods to SE version. But I do have experience in backporting mods from SE to LE. I also included Dual Sheath Redux in the files. Anyways, I hope you enjoy this mod, and have fun! But please, let me know if there are bugs that needed fixing.